I'll do anything you ask if you help me get back into my waiting.
That bag is only $800,000.
Buy it for me, then consider it.
So I'm so hard to get here from the North Pole.
If Lady Targaryen helps me, I can have my revenge.
He bought it?
Guess I'll pretend to be Lady Targaryen just once.
I can donate my kidney to your dad for $800,000.
Excuse me, Ness. What are you taking, Ness?
What do you say, my lady?
I can't wait to paint this wedding, Rad.
Consider the wedding crimson.
Ladies and gentlemen, here is our bride.
Miss Bran, do you take Mr. Jamie's hand in marriage?
I do.
I object.
The series!
Checked this wedding.
Why is this mad man here?
Great, draw him out.
Touch me if you dare.
Tick.
Go!
Yeah.
That's pretty big.
Bring it.
You traitor!
You bankrupt me and threw me out to sea.
You know I can't swim. I almost drowned.
You were too merciful, weren't you?
You should have time to a rock.
Guess I was too kind, darling.
Don't start flirting here.
I could blow up everyone in your pieces.
Are you crazy? All of my men are here.
Hmm.
I'm not here to love you.
The Starks have nothing on Lady Targaryen.
Me?
Lady Targaryen!
Isn't the groom that hot guy I couldn't sleep with?
I've got to have him this time.
The woman from the hotel?
I won't let her ruin my wedding with Brienne.
She wanted to sleep with my man, and now she's impersonating me?
Greetings to you all.
I am Lady Targaryen.
Targaryens have half of the world's wealth.
Compared to the Starks, they're just minions.
Well, that is true.
She's not Lady Targaryen.
How are you still going on with this Targaryen act?
Are you serious? I looked into it.
She's the real deal.
You're nothing but a trailer trash.
Bitch!
Do not disrespect our wait.
Who's talking?
I'll blow everyone in here!
Wait!
No one needs to die on my wedding day.
You want money?
Fine.
You can have it.
No.
My man will be here soon.
I want to see how far he can go.
He's still talking shit, huh?
Whoop!
Have fun getting married now!
Wait!
I have a better idea.
Get your ex in hell.
In the groom.
You can stay in heaven with me.
Jaime!
Why don't you marry me instead?
I'll make sure the rest of your life is beyond comfort.
Fuck it.
Even a one night stand with him is worth it.
You know I can tell you're lying?
I can see it in your eyes.
Even if you are Lady Targaryen,
I'm not going to betray my wife.
Just for that one.
Captain!
Please marry Lady Targaryen.
Fairies?
Captain!
Only Lady Targaryen is worth your view.
How can you marry this trash?
For Jaime, you'll see me.
But I am Lady Targaryen.
You have been with your captain.
You liar?
Jaime is the captain of the Golden Corps.
But still, he's got nothing on Lady Targaryen.
I still have the upper hand.
He's the captain?
I'll be rich if he's mine.
How could you marry this trashy nobody?
I'm perfect for you.
You're such an imposter.
You know, I know that you want my man and my identity.
But maybe in the next life, you could be a Targaryen.
Imposter.
Me?
The Targaryens run the world.
And your man is mine too.
Brie, don't listen to her.
You're the only one that matters to me.
I like the little competition,
especially for my handsome man.
Whoa!
Lady, we're here to kill them, not one to four boys.
Shut up.
That's enough!
Lady Targaryen,
this is your last chance to leave with this scumbag
or else you'll pay the price.
It seems like she actually loves you.
If I pair well enough, I'm sure she'll leave.
Really?
Yeah.
I dare you to say that again.
You.
It's over.
She's the real Lady Targaryen.
But it seems no one here knows it.
You're just Tyrion's lover.
How dare you talk back to me?
Your Tyrion's lover?
Tyrion must have sent you to fool the captain.
How did you get to be second in command?
You're so wrong.
Varys, I know Brienne better than anyone.
Those are just rumors.
Captain, this woman is not good enough for you.
No, you're place, Varys.
My Lady, please help us.
Please get rid of this bitch.
If we killed Lady Targaryen and blamed it on the Golden Corps,
maybe I'll inherit the Duke's fortune as his only adopted daughter.
Golden Corps.
You can do anything.
The Targaryens will back you up.
Kilbran is my gift for Captain.
It's a sacred sword that frees souls.
If you really love Captain, kill yourself with it.
And set Captain free.
Oh, I see.
You all want me to kill myself.
I know!
My Lady, what are you doing with that sword?
You do not have to kill yourself at your own wedding.
You're doing this later, I rushed here with gifts.
Looks so good with my outfit?
I mean, come on, I'll ride with the sword.
Cool, right?
My Lady, they want you dead.
I'm tied for jokes.
Come on, I'll know the truth.
Did you listen?
This is the great Lady Targaryen.
How dare you try to kill her?
You are Lady Targaryen.
No way.
Lady Targaryen?
It's about a woman just now as a foster member.
She's too natural to be a foster, right?
Mr. Baratheon, you told us before.
She's just a delivery girl.
There's no way she could be a Targaryener.
This must be a lie.
How dare you to towards my Lady's name?
I will not spare you, even if you're from the Golden Corps.
Mr. Baratheon, I know I saw you that day with Bran.
She's your lover!
Mr. Baratheon, so she nearly is his lover, right?
Slut.
She hooked up with the richest man in the North.
Bend this up.
Oh!
See?
Her name is already dark.
Brienne, the fucking slut.
But serious!
I was too easy on you before.
I should have sent you to hell.
I have a Targaryen.
Show me what you got!
What are you doing?
I'm glad you're finally here.
Greetings, my lord.
Sir, say, what are you doing here?
I...
So, you're Jamie.
Not bad.
You are a tin.
And I hear you're the captain of the Golden Corps.
That's right.
Or you're a perfect match for my daughter.
She does have a good honor.
Forget it.
I'm not marrying your daughter.
I already have a wife.
And I love her.
What do you say?
Duke Targaryen, look at me.
I'm the series.
I'm head over heels alone with your daughter.
We're a perfect match.
Someone send this scum to the North Pole.
Someone send this scum off to the North Pole.
Get back up.
What are you doing?
Lady Targaryen.
No, I stole my kidney.
You gave me that bag after everything we've been through.
You can't do this thing.
No, I need my deal with what you're talking about.
Get lost.
I knew you were crazy.
Luckily, this bomb is fake.
Or else you'd have gotten me killed.
Please get rid of him.
Please, and I'll leave too.
Lady Targaryen, you want to marry our captain, right?
So why are you leaving when Duke Targaryen gets here?
You can marry our captain, right here, right now.
Barry's.
I've had enough of you off to the North Pole.
The captain.
Hold up.
So they are mistaken.
A little brat.
Let me test you.
So, somebody has been bullying my daughter behind my back.
And Jamie, you don't like my daughter.
Duke Targaryen, I'll do respect.
I'm not going to betray my wife just to marry your daughter.
If you're offended, I understand.
The Golden Core and I will accept the consequences.
You can't stop teasing him.
Dad?
Jamie, let me introduce you to your father-in-law.
Duke Targaryen.
Yes.
That Targaryen family.
So you're a Targaryen?
No, they told you like a million.
You didn't believe?
No, no!
This did not!
Oh, God.
Jamie, my son-in-law.
It looks like you really love, Brianna.
And it makes me feel good that you'll be by her side.
I'll always be by her side.
And you.
I graciously chose to sponsor you.
Yet you poses my daughter.
This is my daughter.
I can't believe it.
Duke Targaryen, please, please spare me.
I won't have to be sent.
No.
How do you choose to punish her?
Baby girl?
She should be sent to the North Pole.
Many years.
Yes, my lady.
Duke Targaryen, please, please, please.
You can't send me back to the North Pole.
I was there before.
I was drowned.
They didn't have any money.
I didn't know what to do with my stuff!
You're serious!
Dad, I'll deal with him.
You don't want to go back to the North Pole?
Let's just start.
Please.
I'm so sorry.
Just spare me.
Bran.
Throw him in a volcano.
Yes, sir.
There's no fucking way.
I've had that fucking North Pole!
Captain.
My lady.
My apologies.
I was blind.
And I tarnished the lady's name.
I'll send myself to the North Pole.
And make sure the Golden Corps thrives there.
And I won't come back.
One of those.
Kill on me?
Good.
Go now.
Bran.
Bran Targaryen.
Do you take Jaime Stark as your lawfully wedded husband to be in love with him for the rest of your life?
I do.
Jaime Stark.
Do you take Bran?
I do.
You may kiss her bride.